---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: "2023-01-01"
description: "goRepairHub | Privacy Policy"
tags: ["goRepairHub"]
url: "/privacy-policy"
ShowToc: true
---

## Information Collection and Use

This Privacy Policy ('Policy') covers goRepairHub's treatment of personally identifiable information that goRepairHub collects when you are on the goRepairHub site, and when you use goRepairHub's services. This policy also covers goRepairHub's treatment of any personally identifiable information that goRepairHub's business partners authorisedly share with goRepairHub. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that goRepairHub does not own or control or to people that goRepairHub does not employ or manage. By using the website ‘goRepairHub.com’ (“goRepairHub”), you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. goRepairHub collects personally identifiable information when you register for an goRepairHub account, when you use certain goRepairHub products or services, when you visit goRepairHub pages, and when you enter promotions offered by OnsirteGo. goRepairHub may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with goRepairHub, we ask for your first name, last name, State, City, email, phone number, and gender. Once you register with goRepairHub and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. During registration, you may be requested to register your mobile phone and email id, pager, or other devices to receive text messages, notifications, and other services to your wireless device. By registration you authorize us to send sms/email alerts to you for your login details and any other service requirements, including some advertising messages/emails from us. Further, by using the website and/or registering yourself at goRepairHub.com for the reasons above-mentioned, and/or purchasing an goRepairHub product or service, you authorize us, as also our affiliates and our associate partners to contact you via email, phone-call, sms or direct mail and offer you additional services, basis the product you have opted for, impart product knowledge on the same, offer promotional offers running on website and other offers offered by the associated third parties, etc. For the aforementioned purposes, as also other permissible legal use, personally identifiable information may be collected and shared. Irrespective of you having registered yourself under DND or DNC or NCPR service, you still authorize us to give you a call from goRepairHub, our affiliates and associate partners for the above-mentioned purposes. goRepairHub will not share your personally identifiable information to anyone other than as specifically noted herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, goRepairHub may share and/or transfer your personally identifiable information to an affiliate and/or associate partner/business partner. goRepairHub may also share and/or transfer your personally identifiable information to any successor-in-interest as a result of a sale of any part of goRepairHub's business or upon the merger, reorganization or consolidation of goRepairHub with another entity resulting in goRepairHub not being the surviving entity. For the purposes of this paragraph, 'affiliate' shall mean any person, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, goRepairHub. The term 'control,' as used in the immediately preceding sentence, shall mean possessing the power, directly or indirectly, through the exercise of voting rights, contractual rights or otherwise, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled person. As used in this Privacy Policy, the term 'person' includes any natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association or any other entity. “Associate Partners”- Infiniti Retail Limited (Croma), Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd. (Snapdeal), WS Retail Services Pvt Ltd. (Flipkart), Quikr India Pvt Ltd., Ebay India Pvt. Ltd., NSI Infinium Global Pvt. Ltd. (Infibeam), Spice Retail limited. , Viva Super Markets Pvt. Ltd., Amazon India Pvt. Ltd., Grofers India Pvt. Ltd., Vijay Sales, Shopmonk, AskmeBazaar , Pouring Pounds India Pvt Ltd. (Cashkaro) , CCom Telecommunications Pvt. Ltd <strong>If you are no longer interested in receiving e-mail announcements and other marketing information from us, or you want us to remove any personally identifiable information that we have collected about you, please e-mail your request to goRepairHub@gmail.com.</strong> You can reach us at goRepairHub@gmail.com to report ambiguity/ conflict/ concern arising out of this privacy policy.

## Log Data

Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends ('Log Data') whenever you visit goRepairHub. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ('IP') address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this.

## Security

To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then goRepairHub stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) and hence anonymous to us. Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted unless you opt to store it. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.

## Third Party Advertising

We may use third-party advertising companies and/or ad agencies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (excluding your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major websites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process.

## Legal

We strictly follow the norms of non-disclosure and any agreement thereof. It is our endeavor to ensure that the websites linked to us are safe and secure. However we have no control over third-party websites. Further, given our legal responsibilities to Statutory Authorities and Regulators, there may be situations or processes when we may be required to share your information with such Authorities/Regulators.

## Other Sites

There might be affiliates or other sites linked to our website. Personal information that you provide to those sites are not our property. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies. These sites may place their cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information.

## Changes in this Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 4th April 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.

## Age of Consent

By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.

## Disclaimer

Visitors to this website/portal and every third-party are hereby informed that whilst the owners of this website/portal. (“goRepairHub”), take care to ensure the accuracy of the Content, to the extent permitted by law, goRepairHub assumes no legal liability for and does not warrant that the information contained on this website is accurate or complete, or that these web pages will be free from errors or that its availability will be uninterrupted and goRepairHub hereby expressly disclaims and excludes all express and implied warranties, terms or conditions not stated herein, so far as such exclusion or disclaimer is permitted under the applicable law. goRepairHub excludes all liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by any errors or omissions, whether such errors or omissions result from negligence, accident or any other cause, but this disclaimer is without prejudice to any claims for fraudulent misrepresentation, personal injuries or death. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. In no case shall goRepairHub, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation to lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Not-withstanding anything mentioned before, we reserve the right to contact you via any mechanisms, not limited to email, sms, or phone-calls, to solicit feedback of your experience and to provide any additional services that you would be eligible for, either as a customer or as a visitor. We are not liable for any damages occurring to you as part of feedback solicitation and additional service provision. We use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and clear gifs to store certain types of information each time you visit any page on our website. Cookies enable this website to recognize the information you have consented to give to this website and help us determine what portions of this website are most appropriate for your professional needs. We may also use cookies to serve advertising banners to you. These banners may be served by us or by a third-party on our behalf. These cookies will not contain any personal information. Whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. If you haven't changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features of the website. You can also delete your browser cookies or disable them entirely. But this may significantly impact your experience with our website and may make parts of our website non-functional or inaccessible. We recommend that you leave them turned on.