---
title: "Terms of Use"
date: "2023-01-01"
description: "goRepairHub | Terms of Use"
tags: ["goRepairHub"]
url: "/terms-of-use"
ShowToc: true
---

## Definitions

Welcome to www.gorepairhub.com website (the 'Site') operated by Shivansh Tiwar. (“goRepairHub”). goRepairHub provides its services to you subject to the following conditions. Before you may use the Site, you must read and accept all of the terms and conditions in, and linked to, this Terms of Use and the linked Privacy Policy. We strongly recommend that, as you read this ToU, you also access and read the linked information, since it is incorporated into and hereby made part of this ToU. This ToU is effective upon acceptance. Use of any functionality of the Site constitutes acceptance of this ToU. If this ToU conflicts with any other documents, the ToU will control for the purposes of usage of the Site. If you do not agree to be bound by this ToU and the Privacy Policy, you may not use the Site in any way. Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the ToU. We reserve the right, at any time, at our sole discretion, to change or otherwise modify the TOU without prior notice, and your continued access or use of this Site signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified TOU.

## Description of Services

In the Site, goRepairHub provides users with access to information primarily about Business Support Services for Electronic goods including, but not restricted to, Warranties and related services (the 'Service'). You are responsible for obtaining access to the Site, and that access may involve third-party fee (such as, but not limited to, Internet service provider or airtime charges). In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Site. By making use of this site, and furnishing your personal / contact details, you hereby agree that you are interested in availing and purchasing the services that you have selected. You hereby agree that goRepairHub may contact you either electronically or through phone, to understand your interest in the selected products and services and to fulfill your demand. You also agree that goRepairHub reserves the right to make your details available to its affiliates and partners and you may be contacted by the affiliates and partners for information and for sales through email, telephone and/or sms. You agree to receive promotional materials and/or special offers from goRepairHub through email or sms.

## License and Site Access

goRepairHub grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Site and the Service. This license does not include any downloading or copying of any kind of information for the benefit of another individual, vendor or any other third party; caching, unauthorized hypertext links to the Site and the framing of any Content available through the Site uploading, posting, or transmitting any content that you do not have a right to make available (such as the intellectual property of another party); uploading, posting, or transmitting any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; any action that imposes or may impose (in goRepairHub’s sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on goRepairHub's infrastructure; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may not bypass any measures used by goRepairHub to prevent or restrict access to the Site. Any unauthorized use by you shall terminate the permission or license granted to you by goRepairHub. By using the Site you agree not to: (i) use this Site or its contents for any commercial purpose; (ii) make any speculative, false, or fraudulent transaction or any transaction in anticipation of demand; (iii) access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Site using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission; (iv) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Site or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Site; (v) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) deep-link to any portion of this Site (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any service) for any purpose without our express written permission; or (vii) 'frame', 'mirror' or otherwise incorporate any part of this Site into any other website without our prior written authorization.

## Eligibility

The Service is not available to minors under the age of 18 or to any users suspended or removed from the system by goRepairHub for any reason. Users may not have more than one active account. Additionally, users are prohibited from selling, trading, or otherwise transferring their accounts to another party. If you do not qualify, you may not use the Service or the Site.

## Your Account

In consideration of your use of the Site, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of India or other applicable jurisdiction and will only use the Site to make legitimate purchases for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorized to act (and will inform such other persons about the ToU and/or Privacy Policy) that apply to the purchase you have made on their behalf (including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto). You also agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), or goRepairHub has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, goRepairHub has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). If you use the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Because of this, we strongly recommend that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You agree to notify goRepairHub immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. goRepairHub reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the above, we retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to the Site and the Services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of the ToU or Privacy Policy. Additional terms and conditions will apply to your purchase of Services that you select. Please read these additional terms and conditions carefully. You agree to abide by the terms and conditions of purchase imposed by any service provider with whom you elect to deal, including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts when due and compliance with the service provider's rules and restrictions regarding use of products, and/or Services. You agree that any violation of any such service provider's rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your purchase(s), in your being denied access to the applicable service(s), in your forfeiting any monies paid for such Services, and/or in our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of such violation.

## Errors, Inaccuracies and Omissions

Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.

## Submitted Content

goRepairHub does not claim ownership of any materials you make available through the Site. At goRepairHub's sole discretion, such materials may be included in the Service in whole or in part or in a modified form. With respect to such materials you submit or make available for inclusion on the Site, you grant goRepairHub a perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, copy, distribute, publicly display, modify, create derivative works, and sublicense such materials or any part of such materials (as well as use the name that you submit in connection with such submitted content). You hereby represent, warrant and covenant that any materials you provide do not include anything (including, but not limited to, text, images, music or video) to which you do not have the full right to grant the license specified in this Section. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any submitted content posted or submitted by you. We have no obligation to post your comments; we reserve the right in our absolute discretion to determine which comments are published on the Site. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not provide us with any submitted content. You agree that you are fully responsible for the content you submit. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site: (i) any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material or content that would violate rights of publicity and/or privacy or that would violate any law; (ii) any commercial material or content (including, but not limited to, solicitation of funds, advertising, or marketing of any good or services); and (iii) any material or content that infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent right or other proprietary right of any third party. You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any other harm resulting from your posting of content to this Site.

## Disclaimer of Liability and Warranty

Visitors to this website/portal and every third party are hereby informed that whilst the owners of this website/portal, viz goRepairHub Electro Services Pvt. Ltd. (“goRepairHub”), take care to ensure the accuracy of the Content, to the extent permitted by law, goRepairHub assumes no legal liability for and does not warrant that the information contained on this web site is accurate or complete, or that these web pages will be free from errors or that its availability will be uninterrupted and goRepairHub hereby expressly disclaims and excludes all express and implied warranties terms or conditions not stated herein, so far as such exclusion or disclaimer is permitted under the applicable law. goRepairHub excludes all liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by any errors or omissions, whether such errors or omissions result from negligence, accident or any other cause but this disclaimer is without prejudice to any claims for fraudulent misrepresentation, personal injuries or death. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. In no case shall goRepairHub, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this site or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this site (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this site; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products, and services obtained through this site); and even if goRepairHub and/or its affiliates their respective service providers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. goRepairHub and its affiliates have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any additional expense omissions delays or acts of any government or authority.

## Disclaimer of Online Availability

In addition to the other disclaimers and limitations discussed in this notice, there are no guarantees and no warranties regarding online availability, impressions, and click-through of www.gorepairhub.com, its web pages, and any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.gorepairhub.com. gorepairhub.com, its web pages, and any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.gorepairhub.com, may be unavailable for online access at anytime. Advertising sponsors and advertising, if any and if permitted, must be approved by goRepairHub before the posting of any advertising material, information, links, content, banners, and graphics on www.gorepairhub.com. goRepairHub reserves the right to accept or to reject any advertising sponsor or any advertising for any reason

## License Disclaimer

Nothing on any goRepairHub website shall be construed as conferring any license under any of goRepairHub's or any third party's intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise.

## Local Laws

goRepairHub controls and operates this Website from its headquarters in Mumbai, India and makes no representation that the materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this Website from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws including but not limited to the export and import regulations of other countries. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all marketing or promotional materials found on this Website are solely directed to individuals, companies or other entities located in India and comply with the laws prevailing for the time being in force in India. Disputes if any shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Courts at Mumbai.

## Limitation of Liability

You expressly understand and agree that goRepairHub and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if goRepairHub has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from use of the site, content or any related services. If, despite the limitation above, goRepairHub or its Affiliates are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of goRepairHub and/or Its Affiliates will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the service fees you paid to goRepairHub in connection with such transaction(s) on this Site, or (b) Rupees One Hundred only (INR 100). The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these terms inure to the benefit of goRepairHub, Its affiliates, and/or their respective service providers.

## Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold goRepairHub (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) harmless from any and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature, including reasonable attorneys' fees, or arising out of or related to your breach of this ToU, your violation of any law or the rights of a third party, or your use of the Site.

## Electronic-Communication

When you use the Site or send emails to goRepairHub, you are communicating with goRepairHub electronically. You consent to receive communications from goRepairHub electronically. goRepairHub may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site or by phone or usually available means of communication. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

## Site-Provided Email and Postings

The Site may provide users with the ability to send email messages to other users and non-users and to post messages on the Site. goRepairHub is under no obligation to review any messages, information or content ('Postings') posted on the Site by users and assumes no responsibility or liability relating to any such Postings. Notwithstanding the above, goRepairHub may from time to time monitor the Postings on the Site and may decline to accept and/or remove any email or Postings. You understand and agree that you shall not to use any functionality provided by the Site to post content or initiate communications that contain: (i) Any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law; (ii) Advertisements or solicitations of any kind; (iii) Impersonate others or provide any kind of false information; (iv) Personal information such as messages which state phone numbers, account numbers, addresses, or employer references.; (v) Messages by non-spokesperson employees of goRepairHub purporting to speak on behalf of goRepairHub or containing confidential information or expressing opinions concerning goRepairHub; (vi) Messages that offer unauthorized downloads of any copyrighted or private information; (vii) Multiple messages placed within individual folders by the same user restating the same point; (viii) Chain letters of any kind; or (ix) Identical (or substantially similar) messages to multiple recipients advertising any product or service, expressing a political or other similar message, or any other type of unsolicited commercial message. This prohibition includes but is not limited to a) Using goRepairHub to send messages to people who don't know you or who are unlikely to recognize you as a known contact; b) Using goRepairHub to connect to people who don't know you and then sending unsolicited promotional messages to those direct connections without their permission; and c) Sending messages to distribution lists, newsgroup aliases, or group aliases.

## Links

The Site or third parties may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because goRepairHub has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that goRepairHub is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that goRepairHub shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.

## Access

Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Site may be subject to prosecution.

## Modification

goRepairHub reserves the right to make changes to the Site, related policies and agreements, this ToU and the Privacy Policy at any time. If goRepairHub makes a material modification to this ToU, it may notify you by: (i) displaying a prominent announcement above the text of this ToU or the Privacy Policy, as appropriate, for thirty (30) days, being deemed sufficient notification, of such changes. After notice of a modification to the ToU or the Privacy Policy has been posted for 30 days, the notice will be removed. If you have not used the Site for more than 30 days, you should check the ToU and/or Privacy Policy prior to any further use of the Site. Should you wish to terminate your account due to a modification to the TOU or the Privacy Policy, you may do so by sending an email with the subject line 'Termination' to the following email address: goRepairHub@gmail.com. If you choose to continue using the Site, you agree that by doing so you will be deemed to accept the new ToU or Privacy Policy, as relevant.

## Survival

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this ToU, or any general legal principles to the contrary, any provision of this ToU that imposes or contemplates continuing obligations on a party will survive the expiration or termination of this parties.

## General

If any of these conditions are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the parties agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the unenforceable condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such section. This ToU and the relationship between you and goRepairHub will be governed by the laws of India without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and goRepairHub agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Mumbai with respect to any legal proceedings that may arise in connection with this ToU. The choice of goRepairHub to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. goRepairHub does not guarantee it will take action against all breaches of this ToU. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this ToU, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this ToU. This ToU constitutes the entire agreement between you and goRepairHub and governs your use of the Site, superseding any prior agreements between you and goRepairHub with respect to the Site.