---
title: "Services"
date: "2023-01-01"
description: "goRepairHub | Services"
tags: ["goRepairHub"]
url: "/services"
ShowToc: false
---

We are service provider for Computer Maintenance, Networking, IT Resident Engineer, IT support, Data Security Solutions and Data backup solutions, Licensed Software and Software Licenses in Mumbai.


- Desktops Repairs
- Laptops Repairs
- MacBook Repairs
- Formatting Installation
- Networking
- Data Backup

### Desktops Repairs

We cover the whole of city, and best of all we can fix most desktop computers with a single visit. If your problem is software related, we may not even have to come to your home or business premises. Nine out of ten software issues can be fixed remotely. So if your hard drive’s making beeping sounds or your screen keeps freezing, let us know. Our professional, qualified computer technicians will get you working again today.

1. Computer Won’t Turn On
2. Noisy Computer
3. Computer Fails to Start
4. Computer Freezes and Restarts
5.  Computer is Too Slow

### Laptops Repairs

We’re quick, we’re professional, and we’re convenient. You can come to us, or we’ll come to you. Our callout laptop repairs are available to anyone within the M25. And we don’t charge callout fees. Plus we work evenings and weekends, so you’ll never have to wait for an urgent repair. If you’re near one of our laptop repair shops, drop in and we’ll diagnose most common issues on the spot. Or we can collect, repair, and return your machine to your place of business or your home. Nearly all laptop repairs are carried out on the spot. For all other repairs, we offer a next day service.

1. Laptop Keyboard Replacement
2. Laptop Screen Repair
3. Laptop Power Jack Replacement
4. Laptop Cleaning Service
5. Laptop Fan Replacement

### MacBook Repairs

Busy life? We’ll make it easier. You can get your Mac to us any way you like. If you’re in the area, call in at one of our Mac repair shops and our very own team of geniuses will get you up and running again in no time. Or, if it’s not convenient for you to come and see us, we’ll come to see you. Our engineers work seven days a week, in the evenings as well as during normal business hours, and will come out to your home or place of business whenever you need them.

1. Macbook Water Damage Repair
2. Macbook Air Repair
3. Mac Hard Drive Replacement
4. Macbook Battery Replacement
5. Macbook Keyboard Replacement

### Formatting Installations

There are all kinds of software in the market for each and every one of your needs. Installation and setup can be stressful for those who aren’t techy. However, you no longer have to worry about the installation of the software you need.

### Networkings

Planning to set up a network in your home? Our technicians at Computer Repairs can set up a secure wireless network in your home that will allow you to share everything between as many computers as you like with 100% security.

1. Home Networking
2. Remote Support
3. Networking Setup & Support Services

### Data Backups

We can help you back up your important personal data (photos, videos, documents, school work, etc.) to disk and cloud with no hassles. Is your data being backed up? Is your data being backed up automatically? Is your data being backed up off site? Does your data backup offer file versioning, allowing you to restore from any given date or time? Have you ever tested your backup recovery process? What about your kids computers, mobile device information, and family archives?

- “No data, no charge” policy – you don’t pay us unless we recover your important data at an acceptable price
- Free evaluation and inbound shipping
- SOC 2 Type II security audited facilities
- World class team of data recovery specialists including computer scientists, mechanical and electrical engineers
- 14,000 square foot data recovery lab
- Enterprise data recovery experts